Machine learning (ML) is a modern software development technique, and a type of artificial intelligence (AI), that enables computers to solve problems by using examples of real-world data. It allows computers to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed to do so.

In supervised learning, every training sample from the dataset has a corresponding label or output value associated with it. As a result, the algorithm learns to predict labels or output values. We will explore this in-depth in this lesson.
In unsupervised learning, there are no labels for the training data. A machine learning algorithm tries to learn the underlying patterns or distributions that govern the data. We will explore this in-depth in this lesson.
In reinforcement learning, the algorithm figures out which actions to take in a situation to maximize a reward (in the form of a number) on the way to reaching a specific goal. 

In machine learning, the problem solver abstracts away part of their solution as a flexible component called a model, and uses a special program called a model training algorithm to adjust that model to real-world data. The result is a trained model which can be used to predict outcomes that are not part of the dataset used to train it.

Nearly all tasks solved with machine learning involve three primary components:

A machine learning model
A model training algorithm
A model inference algorithm

A model is an extremely generic program (or block of code), made specific by the data used to train it. It is used to solve different problems.

we talked about two key pieces of information: a model and data. In this section, we show you how those two pieces of information are used to create a trained model. This process is called model training.

Think about the changes that need to be made. The first thing you would do is inspect the raw clay and think about what changes can be made to make it look more like a teapot. Similarly, a model training algorithm uses the model to process data and then compares the results against some end goal, such as our clay teapot.
Make those changes. Now, you mold the clay to make it look more like a teapot. Similarly, a model training algorithm gently nudges specific parts of the model in a direction that brings the model closer to achieving the goal.
Repeat. By iterating these steps over and over, you get closer and closer to what you want, until you determine that you’re close enough and then you can stop.

A model is an extremely generic program, made specific by the data used to train it.
Model training algorithms work through an interactive process where the current model iteration is analyzed to determine what changes can be made to get closer to the goal. Those changes are made and the iteration continues until the model is evaluated to meet the goals.
Model inference is when the trained model is used to generate predictions.

Major steps in the machine learning process
1.Define the problem
2.Build the dataset
3.Train the model
4.Evaluate the model
5.Use the model

Clustering is an unsupervised learning task that helps to determine if there are any naturally occurring groupings in the data.
A categorical label has a discrete set of possible values, such as "is a cat" and "is not a cat."
A continuous (regression) label does not have a discrete set of possible values, which means there are potentially an unlimited number of possibilities.
Discrete is a term taken from statistics referring to an outcome that takes only a finite number of values (such as days of the week).
A label refers to data that already contains the solution.
Using unlabeled data means you don't need to provide the model with any kind of label or solution while the model is being trained.

I.Define the problem
To get started, it is important to follow these two important steps

Step 1: Define a very specific task
Think back to the snow cone sales example. Now imagine that you own a frozen treats store and you sell snow cones along with many other products. You wonder, "How do I increase sales?" It's a valid question, but it's the opposite of a very specific task. The following examples demonstrate how a machine learning practitioner might attempt to answer that question.

Question: Does adding a $1.00 charge for sprinkles on a hot fudge sundae increase the sales of hot fudge sundaes?
Question: Does adding a $0.50 charge for organic flavors in your snow cone increase the sales of snow cones?
Step 2: Identify the machine learning task we might use to solve this problem

This helps you better understand the data you need for a project.

Supervised tasks
A task is supervised if you are using labeled data. We use the term labeled to refer to data that already contains the solutions, called labels.
For example, predicting the number of snow cones sold based on the average temperature outside is an example of supervised learning.

Unsupervised tasks
A task is considered to be unsupervised if you are using unlabeled data. This means you don't need to provide the model with any kind of label or solution while the model is being trained.
How do we further classify tasks when we don’t have a label?
Unsupervised learning involves using data that doesn't have a label. One common task is called clustering. Clustering helps to determine if there are any naturally occurring groupings in the data.

Let's look at an example of how clustering works in unlabeled data.
Example: Identifying book micro-genres with unsupervised learning
Imagine that you work for a company that recommends books to readers.
The assumption is that you are fairly confident that micro-genres exist, and that there is one called Teen Vampire Romance. However, you don’t know which micro-genres exist specifically, so you can't use supervised learning techniques.
This is where the unsupervised learning clustering technique might be able to detect some groupings in the data. The words and phrases used in a book's description might provide some guidance on its micro-genre.

In supervised learning, there are two main identifiers that you will see in machine learning:

Classifying based on label type
A categorical label has a discrete set of possible values. In a machine learning problem in which you want to identify the type of flower based on a picture, you would train your model using images that have been labeled with the categories of the flower that you want to identify. Furthermore, when you work with categorical labels, you often carry out classification tasks, which are part of the supervised learning family.
A continuous (regression) label does not have a discrete set of possible values, which often means you are working with numerical data. In the snow cone sales example, we are trying to predict the number of snow cones sold. Here, our label is a number that could, in theory, be any value.

II. Building a dataset
Working with data is perhaps the most overlooked—yet most important—step of the machine learning process. In 2017, an O’Reilly study showed that machine learning practitioners spend 80% of their time working with their data.
The Four Aspects of Working with Data
i.Data Collection
ii.Data Inspection
iii.Summary Statistics
iv.Data Visualization